Migrate to docusaurus (#668)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: docOps/docs/welcome.md

---
slug: /
---

> # Welcome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Welcome

```

This is the documentation for the official IOTA Wallet Library Software. The documentation can be used to easily integrate an IOTA Wallet into your applications. You can read more about core principles behind IOTA client libraries in the following [blog post](https://blog.iota.org/the-new-iota-client-libraries-harder-better-faster-stronger/).

`Wallet.rs` is a general wallet library written in Rust. It is being utilized by our wallet software `Firefly` and other software components across IOTA ecosystem. `Wallet.rs` contains all the logic to safely build wallets or integrations that require value-based transfers (such as exchanges, pay-as-you-go systems, etc.). `Wallet.rs` includes account state management and backup, account creation, transferring tokens and much more. Needless to say, it is also based on our official _one-source-code-of-truth_ [IOTA Rust library](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.rs) and can be integrated with the [Stronghold enclave](https://blog.iota.org/iota-stronghold-6ce55d311d7c/) to achieve a maximum level of security.

:::caution

> Using `Stronghold` is a recommended approach to store account data using `Wallet.rs`, as `Stronghold` integrates the best security practices for free.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Stronghold to store account data of the `Wallet.rs`. It integrates the best security practices and is open-source.
```
